Movie, also called Film or motion picture, is a visual art-form used to simulate experiences that communicate ideas, stories, perceptions,
feelings, beauty or atmosphere, by means of recorded or programmed [vague] moving images, along with sound ( and more rarely) other sensory
stimulations.  The word "cinema", short for cinematography, is often used to refer to the filmmaking and film industry, and to the art form
that is the result of it.
The moving images of a film are created by photographing actual scenes with a motion-picture camera, using photographing drawings or 
miniature models using traditional animation techniques, by means of CGI and computer animation, or by a combination of some or all of 
these techniques, and other visual effects.
Traditionally, the films were recorded onto a celluloid film through a photochemical process and then shown through a movie projector on a
large screen. Contemporary films are often fully digital through the entire process of production, distribution, and exhibition, while
films recorded in a photochemical form traditionally include an analogous optical soundtrack (a graphic recording of the spoken words,
music and other sounds that accompany the images that run. along with a portion of the film exclusively reserved for it, and is not 
projected.
Films are cultural artifacts created by specific cultures. They reflect those cultures, and, in turn, affect them. The film is considered
to be an important art form, a source of popular entertainment, and a powerful medium for educating — or indoctrinating — citizens.
The visual basis of the film gives it a universal power of communication. Some films have become popular worldwide attractions through
the use of dubbing or subtitles to translate the dialog into other languages.

The individual images that make up a film are called frames. In the projection of conventional celluloid films, a rotating shutter causes
the intervals of darkness as each frame, in turn, is moved into position projected, but the viewer does not notice the interruptions
because of an effect known as persistent vision, whereby the The eye retains a visual image for a fraction of a second after its source
disappears. The perception of motion is due to a psychological effect called the phi phenomenon.

The name "film" originates from the fact that photographic film (also called film stock) has historically been the medium for
recording and displaying motion pictures. Many other terms exist for an individual motion picture, including picture, picture show,
moving picture, photoplay, and flick. The most common term in the United States is the movie, while in Europe the film is preferred.
Common terms for the field include the big screen, the silver screen, the movies, and cinema; The last of these is commonly used, as
in an overarching term, in scholarly texts and critical essays. In the early years, the word sheet was sometimes used instead of screen.
For Radhe movies reviews,cast,Trailer and other info visit https://filmygoodness.blogspot.com/2020/04/radhe2020.html
